Hey Kevin open up who is it it's Tom
Tom Tom you I leave the key under the mat you know this I got a six legs full of pollen
here I can't get the key you're supposed to keep one pollen free legs so you can go under
my mat and open the door yeah you'd like that wouldn't you that wouldn't make your quote
I shit now I spilt half of the fuck god damn it what are you even doing here it's it's spring
time hey shut the door lock the door I killed a guy what what yeah Kevin I stung a guy I
didn't know that he was allergic to bees I killed him look you stung someone truth be
told I heard that he might have been allergic to bees but he's been mean to bees for most
of his life and I stung him on purpose I am gonna die because now that yeah I was gonna
say stinger ripped out of my butthole I only have like about four minutes to live Jesus
Kevin you buried not killed him Kevin oh god Kevin buzz buzzes no buzzes oh oh why are
we designed this way it doesn't make any evolutionary sense you your majesty yeah hey Kevin stung
someone and he died that's what happens yes it is it's hard to be a bee your voice has
gotten deeper no it hasn't it's always been like this we should play bee ping pong okay
and you know you cheat oh my god it looks like Kevin I've never seen this is what ghost
bees sound like bees can have ghosts yes yeah you guys should play a new game that bees play
okay it's called B&B yeah it's hard to improvise the end of a sketch right like I mean it's
oh it's easy to improvise them but then how do you end one wait say that again how do
you end the how do you end an improvised sketch live from New York it's Saturday night tell
you this format Rachel Dratch Kate McKinnon Kevin Sudeikis Steve Teotakis Tommy Hilfiger
Tanish Ted Nugent an institutionalized policy of not protecting our writers from uptown Burbank
Harmontown is now in session Spencer Crittenden then I'm Jeff Davis you can't tell the welcome
to the stage he's already there he was a bee in that sketch he was Tom the bee the mayor
of Harmontown Dan Harmon everybody oh yeah and then should I should the in the format
should I do like this yeah in the format you like that okay thank you I think well let's
take it come off stage and then you walk down like your your Steve okay so front we need
like sexy music next week when we do this guy well it should we just we're working this
out should we do and try to do another sketch and then so that we can end it and I'll run
off and then we'll restart the show but you should also have like a different outfit on
like get like a suit jacket or something like that okay all right so how are we doing right
now what are we doing we're gonna just start the sketch over yeah let's just do do another
bee sketch and and we'll try to make it faster because it's really just the results aren't
important we'll just all right we should say live from New York it's Saturday night we
got live from Burbank I think it's Harmontown night I think it was original right no
one's done that joke well I'll leave it to you guys let's let's feel it up okay let's
go bit discover black it out start I'll turn off my iPad so it's not being a thing all
right okay for those of you are listening you know it's no worse yeah let's no let's
let's keep them off so that the subscribe subscribers can wait just just Chris do anything
take it all all lights totally down can you just throw them up totally full lights really
fast oh god and then we could blink okay so now keep it down okay some bee in this room
it's a murderer hmm wouldn't it be the guy whose guts are hanging out of his abdomen
no that's the that was the murdery but when we kill people we die too our stingers rip
out why are you the only bee in this room with a stinger clumsily taped to your butthole
who me be live from New York it's Saturday night session hey everybody welcome to Uptown
Burbank it's Harmontown night so I can be sanders is on the show tonight musical guest
the cold play and the host special guest drop a rap beat we had a great listen we've got
a great show it's always great to be back I think this is my 307th time hosting Harmon
Town and you know I'm Bobby Moynihan I'm Bobby Moynihan Bobby Moynihan over here look at
this guy I'm Bobby Moynihan see I understand that a lot see because of the throne because
of the reason why I was asked to host a lot of times Bobby Moynihan or Kenan Thompson
will come out and stand next to me and then we'll go into a musical number I'm Kenan
Thompson but I mean listen guys for the last time I'm not going to do a song a rap song
I'm a special guy going down the river bed got a special eye in my special head and what
do I see on the shore a man making s'mores for me I'm Alec Baldwin Alec Baldwin you're
not a hair loss you're a Baldwin like that word toss awesome Alec Baldwin is the opposite
of Alec hair loss Alec hair loss I'm Bobby Moynihan again Bobby step to the left step
to the right do it in your undies tonight Bobby Moynihan I'm Alec Baldwin again I didn't
have a different outfit so I took off my clothes Tina Fey all right let's listen we've got a
great show tonight there's no commercials because you're a subscriber there might be
there will be there will be commercials if there might be funny fake commercials yes
but I think we go right into a fake funny commercial right now no gold bond powder you
guys have to do it while I get dressed that's the idea because I okay I just change outfits
so you guys do the fake funny commercial and then oh my armpits this so wet hey it's me
your armpit hairs oh hey I sound like that I'm getting your armpit hairs whether or not
you know this your armpit hairs are from Brooklyn I have peristalsis yeah we started a Kickstarter
go find me thing for you so you get some care and you get taken care of for your sweaty
armpit hairs what kind of product you got there and your pits gold bond powder oh what's
that it's a powder you put in your armpit so I don't fucking drown to death and your
weird disease that armpit sweats and you just find it yourself no I have to go online to
start keep like start like the crowdfunding stuff for you guys that must take three or
four clicks of a mouse hey you try being a just a hair and try to click a mouse no I
hope you die you piece of fucking human shit okay I will I'm just kidding gold bond powder
you don't need to have your armpit hairs click on a mouse anymore click click oh flood but
now do the pose well did the photo like the still photo like the three like the pose of
it's a work in progress we're still working on some of the kinks to our new format but
our new format is mostly based in copyright infringement yeah I mean well look we're gonna
we're not gonna emulate the losers in the institutionalized comedy game we could try
that I have a killer miss swan I mean does anybody well can we hear it no I mean I was
there was there a iconic opening to mad TV I think they'd go like why are you mad like
they worked their way around to like every sketch it's just not that people were impressed
by that because they did that for 15 seasons like oh the sketches always end with somebody
getting mad but that's that's a pretty amateur thing I trained high school kids and improv
like they tend to want to fight or dance and wear props you gotta you gotta encourage them
to come out of their shell so the idea the fact that every mad TV sketch ends with someone
getting mad good idea for a theme but but not not a feat wasn't a sacrifice they were
making comedically what did I miss over the last two days I was up in the the northwest
I just been sitting not sitting sitting how's night your head side with with the little
one is he alive is he good is recovering is he alright yeah he's doing good I mean it's
like I gotta like I gotta like I gotta deal with all this like shame you know like I it's
like when you own a dog which I don't have kids so a lot of people have kids last night
checked like at least four billion of them had them and like like like I'm sorry it's
got to be worse when it's a kid but it just sucks because like your dog starts acting
weird and then you got to choose whether to take them to the vet and then once you take
them to the vet you just know I say it's like I know it's not their fault like I'm sure
the veterinarial industry is not the fucking is not flush with cash and I'm sure the doctors
that are funneled into it are wonderful people and I'm sure the technicians that couldn't
you know be doctors at a veterinarian hospital yet are also great people and I'm sure the
people that work at the front desk that can't even be technicians that can't even be doctors
that can't even have human patients I'm sure they're not five levels beneath normal humanity
they're just five levels beneath a regular doctor and what is a doctor as we've discussed
on the show a serial killer with a support system it's a doctor is a person who's comfortable
cutting things open the people that cut humans open and go like oh look it's a sort of bladder
looks like yeah why do they call it Kaiser that's pretty you know Kaiser German yeah
it's also permanent a it's like a eternal Kaiser it's it's Kaiser's from Caesar yeah
why are these people the ones that are trying to save our lives they want eternal and empirical
rule yeah they want they want a permanent Caesar they want to rule over your health yeah I mean
look there's no question that doctors know how to help you when you're sick but you know
there's also no question that doctors are scientists they have to be so they don't they're
and they're not you know what kind of person is drawn to an occupation where you might
have to like be next to someone who's dying all the time or you might just sick just just
just you know where you were every day you get up and go to work and you're just gonna
be nonstop problems and sick desperate people like looking for answers that you may or may
not have with you always like rolling the dice with with advice and diagnoses and things
that could either make or break your the rest of your life and pay off your student loans
like the kind of person that looks at that minefield and goes like I think I'll go hang
out in there I'm not gonna call them a sociopath but I'm also not gonna call them probably
also coincidentally like the the warmest person in the world like they probably have
some pretty heavy fucking emotional armor on them or as I suspect they enjoy suffering
love cutting open dogs because the answer is I think that I think that most people follow
their I mean like would you go into that field because it didn't hurt you or would you go
to that field because you liked it I just think I feel like they like a little bit I'm
talking about regular doctors here I'm talking about people who are like yes I see you have
a tumor I'm gonna cut you open pull it out oh look there's your lungs there's your heart
I hope I don't make it stop beating okay so I'm back up okay by the way my name was Tony
see you later I'm going golfing come on serial killer we had those people on the show that
talked like they were EMTs that talked about they have we should have them back like they
have injury porn that they send to each other like who can outgrow us well now you human
I don't like that yeah there's an EMT like they don't they don't get paid very much
I think you know we heard like those people are undoubtedly heroics and now you evened
it up I mean there's only a fact that there are people that are willing to show up to
be where people have like fucking like just fallen down on the sidewalk and no one knows
what's wrong with them or hit themselves in the hand with a hammer they just find a dick
and balls laying in the side of the road or whatever like God knows like your idea or
Justin's to have Beth be a veterinarian in Rick and Morty I can't remember I think that
was a decision that was made during the writing of the pilot and it wasn't based on your current
beef with the veterinarians no and I don't really have a beef with I only have a beef
with the species in general if that which how can you like I just it's not a really
a beef I'm just like come on it's as plain as the nose on our face like if you're poor
and you are comfortable looking at guts you end up in prison if you're rich you end up
a doctor I don't know how anyone can argue with that like people go to medical school
and then the people that aren't as comfortable looking at guts as murderers fall down in
faint and then they go into research friend of mine when I was going to college maybe
I've told the story before they went do you have to go through like an actual autopsy
and watch it could ever be like you know totally taken apart and then it for the first time
these these young students all walked in there and there was two doctors over it and they
with the students didn't know because here's a dead human being and they had lined it with
tinfoil and filled it with spaghettios and when students walked in they were just eating
out of the chest cavity and eating spaghettios out of it and half the students ran out and
barfed or fainted or whatever and that's that's a little joke get get used to not caring about
the insides of people yeah you know that's great that that them noticing that they're
sociopaths plus them having free time makes them want to have fun that way but so another
thing you could do with your free time if your sociopath is learn empathy like you're
smart you learned all of the anatomy like you learned how to how to turn your stethoscope
into a bong like maybe to give them some give them some seminars about humanity and stuff
how people that don't become doctors think and feel I told you about like Alice flat
heard that the neurologist she's like we don't we're not good with people we we we look at
you in the way that you sit and the things that you say or the things that are wrong
with you you touch something that's cold you think it's hot like we're looking at your
brain all we want to do is that we're zombies we just want to take the top of your head
off and poke around in the big bowl of toothpaste which is your brain like we're not good with
people we just like solving the brain puzzle like if you were good with people you probably
wouldn't be good at sawing off a head and poking around in there yeah that's what I'm
saying yeah kind of yeah so these are the people that were you know that you have to
take your dog to your dog can't talk you take your dog to him and then you know it's probably
a technician it's probably not even a doctor I don't know if a doctor is the one that has
it you know it's like I talked to three different doctors on the phone over the three days that
Nigel was at the hospital it's like the bottom line is filled with a lot of toxic shame like
I took my dog to the hospital because he wouldn't stop trembling and vomiting he was vomiting
like so much that the equivalent for his size would be like you know like the middle you
know like like all across the stage except for the your area and Spencer's area like
that much which is you know like I was like geez I mean what what you know it's time to
go to the hospital like he's never puked that much and and and he already had his issue
with where he had you know they had to pull out a clump of grass out of his intestines
or did they have to we'll never know you know like fans of the podcast will recall that
story the punchline of it is we're left to wonder for the rest of our lives should we
have let the dog pass this giant clump of grass or would that have perforated his intestines
on the way out because it was moving so slowly it was almost not moving at all do you wait
for your dog to try to fit that out his asshole and possibly cause permanent damage to him
or do you cause permanent damage to him by cutting him open and pulling it out that's
what we opted to so this is Nigel's second surgery second time he's been cut open by
humans that he trusts and and and I just and and this time there was nothing in there
there was that he was he was it was you know he was inflamed his stomach they x-ray his
stomach and they go it's really big do you think there's something in there did he eat
anything that might be trapped in there because his stomach is gigantic and you said he's
been puking a lot so like we think there's something in there and I said well he eats
a lot of stuff so x-ray show a thing or not a thing no it doesn't show a lot of things
as they condescendingly told me like I I even literally said I said are you sure it could
is it possible it could be just inflammation that is make his you're saying his stomach
is big I don't even know why I said that I didn't go to fucking medical school I was
just it's just like I because I don't want to cut my dog open twice in a year and so
I just it was just almost like it was just it was just like you think it you think it
could another reason his stuff because because what they said they were using logic at midnight
in an animal hospital so I'm thinking I probably don't have the fucking Sherlock Holmes of
animal doctors right or maybe it's the Fox Mulder maybe they're so fucking smart about
diagnosing animals that they that people call them spooky Dr. McGillicuddy and like make
them work at midnight because they're so fucking good at figuring out what's going on but they
were scratching their heads your dog your dog's stomach is huge and you said he just puked
like the size of a pool table and and so his stomach should be small right because he puked
all that and I'm like this is can I be a doctor and and I was like well is it possible that
the reason the stomach is large is because it's irritated is that a thing and the the
technician I think there was a technician I don't think it was a doctor I don't know
the difference like like like like I honestly I perceived them looking at me like I was
an idiot and I'm like yeah well x-rays don't pick up inflammation so and I was like that
wasn't an answer the answer that could have saved my dog a lot of pain was it's possible
I didn't ask if x-rays picked up inflammation it's like when you when you go to the bank
when you used to go to the bank and the people would say yeah the computer says no and you
just look you can fill with this rage and go like this isn't a computer interaction
this is a human interaction I'm asking a human being a question stop pointing at your computer
which you know goddamn well if your computer told you to jump out the fucking window you
would you would you would pat it on the side you would go like what's wrong with it if it
if this if the screen flickered which it might and sometimes does you wouldn't go oh time
to kill myself like you're being lazy and you're being condescending it was like yeah
x-rays don't pick up inflammation I didn't I didn't ask if they did I asked if his stomach
could be enlarged because of inflammation as opposed to a foreign object like do we
think he ate a bowling ball I just I just and I just think just save my dog save my
dog so that at the earliest absolute possibility like I'm like the doctor called me on the
phone then after he stays there all night and she goes yeah it's like the x-ray is stomach
is he's getting a little worse stomach's getting I don't know it's it's it's it's if there's
something in there it's not moving so like maybe there's nothing in there maybe it's
inflammation and I and I'm like but I'm talking to doctors now and I'm like okay so if there's
something in there it's like like last time it was a clump of grass it was moving real
slow I just like yeah if this is if this is a foreign object and you said he eats a lot
of foreign objects it's now you ate a clump of grass at one point like but but it's not
moving I would show of he ate a baseball here's the it wouldn't it wouldn't it wouldn't it
wouldn't I like so they give me three choices endoscopy and then another there's another
choice that was like an endoscopy but it's like they put something down his nose or something
and like like both of those choices involved keeping him the way he was and getting more
information which now that I know I made the horribleest most fucking awful choice like
I just I want to cry like but but they don't they don't recommend anything you ask them
do what do you recommend well as you know and they might as well say out loud like well
I don't want to get sued it's your dog you know yeah it's so this whole system is based
on two things total disrespect for the layman and total burden on the layman with any kind
of fucking risk like like like like we think you're an idiot and because we went to two
years of dog school or something and but but so there's that which is true I'm two years
dumber than you or whatever the fucking associates degree you have that meet has you working at
midnight at a veterinary hospital and anybody who's watching who's going like my cousin works
at a veterinary hospital I'm a veterinarian I'm at school take your personal story and
just shove it all the way up your fucking dumb ass because like the fact that something
is connected to your life doesn't mean that you're outraged and it doesn't mean that you
have anything to contribute to the conversation otherwise every time people were stupid or
had to deal with stupid people I'd go I'd lose my fucking mind because I'm a fucking expert
in that okay so shut the fuck up I don't care if you're a veterinarian and you're a fan
of the show and you're disappointed in my fucking closed minded shit it's closed minded
because I'm fucking upset and shut the fuck up stick your whole life up your ass like
stick it all the way up and I hope it hurts going in and then and then don't like thread
it through your mouth so that you have a cosmic experience like don't just then I want you
to stumble around your front yard with bandages on your arms where their IVs were staring
drug addled into the fucking cosmos wondering if the sound of the lawnmower is a threat or
not because you're on so many painkillers and you can't speak English I want you to
just like walk around for two weeks like like like wanting to lick a bandage on your stomach
that you that everyone keeps telling you not to and then finally just like like like finally
have to take a big diamond plated fucking serrated shit out of your of your own head
and your own life out of your stupid ass I'm in fucking pain and so is my dog so shut
up I fucking hate veterinarians I hate myself I I hate I just I am filled with hate and
I went to my therapist and I'm like I'm filled with hate okay I'm filled with rage and shame
and she's like well do this and I'm like okay and I cried a little like she's like well
just you know she says yell at the chair like Clint Eastwood like like like I'll come sit
next to you like she's like okay the veterinarians in the chair and go ahead and yell and I go
I'm not gonna yell I'm in therapy to stop yelling you fucking nuts like like like and
she's like what I don't know you're you're not in therapy to stop yelling you're in
therapy to handle your emotions I like like well I'm not gonna you may think it's cute
or therapeutic to to yell but I I don't I'm not gonna I'm not gonna yell for you you you
your office is in a fucking apartment building in Los Feliz there's a yoga class next door
and there's a I just like well let me check about that she goes nope no yoga class you
know like like like did you just fart was that a was that the chair yeah I just farted
and it sounded really loud was it really a fart yeah it was and it was stinky too Dan
what I want you to do right now is I want you to yell at Spencer's fart well I don't
know where it is oh god it's enough so so and then she goes like you know who really
like it is the psychiatrist upstairs like oh the guy that used to be in your bigger
office there is now in your bigger office I like like so so she doesn't mind me yelling
so I just I talked to the chair and I go like you know I vent a lot of the stuff that I just
vented and at a certain point yeah I guess if I want to I can go and I do that and she's
like okay now now like talk about what's right underneath that as she said how do you feel
as I said I said 130 second better like like what like like like 132th you know like not
even and it and it's already filled back up but she's like she's like well wait what's
underneath that is there's something else because it's if it's not all range if doing
that doesn't help that means that you got rid of the rage layer what's underneath there
she was right about that I don't think my therapist is a bad therapist I like like there was shame
underneath there is like I feel shame because I like I have to take care of this animal like
that's my job the animal can't express itself I have one fucking job and it's you know and
I started explaining why I was ashamed of myself and and I started weeping and and then she's
like now how do you feel and I'm like 230 so you know now a total of 1 16th better all
right and now it's filled back up and she's like okay let's let's go outside she kicks
her ass she's fucking beat the shit out of me she she hit me with it was it was a and
it was a it was a it was a they live John Carpenter style fight so it ended up I had to pay extra
because it was long yeah I actually paid her extra to do that put the put the sunglasses
on no she makes me I don't say it makes me I did it partly because I was like you really
think I bet you think I felt like I was like game theory she thinks this is like goodwill
hunting like oh Dan Harmon's afraid to walk up and down his the sidewalk in his neighborhood
in front of Matt Bronger and Amy Mann and Pat Oswalt and Edgar Wright like getting their
coffee and and yeah he's he's not John Hamm is getting his he's not gonna do this in front
of John Hamm and and I'm like fuck I did whatever she did twice as much as like like wiggling
her arms like noodle man and like like walking like the keep on truck and drawing by a crumb
and I was like yeah it's like silly walks like I just like like okay so you walk silly
she's like you feel you feel that you feel that I'm like yeah I I don't know man well
what she's trying to get a feeling I don't know like it was like the energy there's energy
in your body and there's like the idea was like because I kept saying I don't know where
to put this rage like because I have I have a couple holes in my wall at home from when
Fiv was sick the cat and because it's like there comes a point where you don't know how
to express like you have rage and shame that you don't know where to put it it seems like
there is no like I'm a very sheltered person like I don't have a lot of feelings that I
don't know how to get rid of in a proper way but like like intense levels of rage and shame
above a certain voltage there's no that it's just like and I just like yeah I still don't
you can feel it you feel it in your heart behind your eyeballs in your fists like you
feel like you want to beat something you want to kill what is your shame about that you
let Nigel down yeah by by hiring people to stab him or or or before that are you you
do you feel responsible for why he got whatever he got no because you found out it was what
it wasn't he didn't eat something it was like he has he has a condition called IBD but you
know at this point whatever like I he's the thing that that he is sick at home with right
now is a fucking stab wound in his stomach it's not what he went in with what he what
he went in with is apparently a condition called IBD I get I don't know what bowel disorder
I don't I don't know if that's what it stands for it's basically like allergies food allergies
like they say he ate something and it can I think it could build up for a year like so
it just kind of fuck around with his diet and stuff like it's now it's doubtful that
he ate it's no that's not true it's possible that he ate some grass that he ate last time
or that that there is also milk thistle or some species of fucking California cumquat
that he fucking like found in a backyard and like like it's possible that he ate one thing
that like shocked his system immediately it's also possible that over a year of having a
little bit of chicken or or snail corpse or whatever they you know it's like oh this this
food's got TBD's and this food's got IB gays and like IB gays TBD's is good it's like like
what should we call this disease of course by the way everyone's so full of advice to
like like like and it's just like I don't I don't I don't want to say take your advice
and shove it up your ass like but I just I just want you to observe things from my perspective
when your dog eats a bunch of grass and has to have it surgically removed from his from
his intestines I I think I've already heard by now that dogs eat grass when they're sick
to induce vomiting I've also heard that that's fucking a horse shit and that dogs that eat
grass end up sick from it please shut up now it doesn't change anything being told this
stuff you're not really helping anybody because you had a sick dog once I don't mean you should
be ashamed of yourself I just I just just shut up like like like I it's a it's a fucking
dog that starts shaking and vomiting you take them into idiots who are smarter than you
and and you you you're given a choice between three doors and one has a scalpel on it you
choose the scalpel and they cut them open and they go up nothing sorry yeah he's got
food allergies zip zip so so so and now and now the dogs on you know on on doggy painkillers
and like you can't touch him without him like crying and like you just you just have to
spoon feed him like little you know pieces of dog food that'll barely eat there's like
like you know you give him little little spoonfuls of grass and you have nothing to think about
that entire time except what you did wrong you can you can run from your mistakes everything
else you can you can fix by playing Minecraft you know I had a dog that kept eating grass
and would not stop eating grass loved grass favorite favorite thing in the world eight
grass all day all night and was constantly bummed out and constantly puking it's like
hey like like we'll let you sort this out like like you're you're an idiot also when
that dog was little because we got this dog in New York we would be in Central Park and
favorite food horseshit the fucking handsome cabs that would go to take married couples
down the lane yeah Nigel and giant horse apples and this dog just loved eating just just couldn't
get enough horseshit Nigel and Harvey dogs even so happy and we didn't like want to stop
the dog from being happy but it was really embarrassing because like what is what's what's
your dog problem Nigel and Harvey every morning they they bark at the the neighbor's cat dash
the cute little cute little black and white cat that I never told my neighbors I accidentally
caught in a humane trap when I was trying to catch a raccoon that was eating all my dog
food right you go back I went over to my neighbor's house once and I was like oh that's your cat
that was like the thought below and I was like I caught your cat in a trap once and let it
go like there's a raccoon once yeah I was there was a raccoon coming in the doggy dog
you almost you almost murdered their cat and almost murdered it I definitely I certainly
made it it gave it the most miserable night of its life depending on when it took the
bait that was a raccoon which is a bunch of you got caught in a cage and it was a humane
trap it wasn't it just came out of the backyard like I gotta I got my prey and it was that
yeah anyways very very very adorable outdoor cat named also bad name for a cat dash if
you can't get out of a fucking trap now come on you think trap sense will be a part of anyways
the dogs the dogs when I'm working out in the morning they bark at dash dash comes out
there and I'm always like making fun of it because I'm like you at this point like what
do you think remember we were talking about like what are the dogs what are the dogs saying
to the cat well I just realized what they say to the cat because I'm talking to Alice
in the dog sitter about like what she's like she's like you know they they fucking they
love going out in the front yard because they know the cat shits out there and like they
race each other to the cat shit like they as I was like it turns out when the dogs are
barking at the cat through the front window they're like poop they're like yelling at
the Wells Fargo wagon is my how to drop look here yet make it make a nice juicy one for
me Cynthia they're all up in that cat shit yeah they run out to the spot where he shits
and they fight over it like raptors what's what's in that cat poo that's so delicious
I think the dogs because they smell so intensely you have to think you do the backwards math
and go that means that if they could smell shit which they surely can because we can
but they smell the ingredients in there they they have to taste God gave them noses that
could smell the concern of a of a poodle an hour away and that can smell their way home
to to to if they if they're if they're if they get trapped in a u-haul or whatever the
stories are they can smell a forest fire in in in Utah and so we can smell a turd so so
then God's like well they're gonna go nuts about the turds they're gonna just kill themselves
like their nose will explode so then he's like well I can't make their nose less sensitive
I mean I really want these things to live by their nose all right well I'll just make
them love it and then so that's why when they meet each other they're like let me check
out that asshole wow wow you got one coming don't you okay it's cresting I can see it
like Barbara Cody's dog came over by the way Nigel's dogs got he's got he's he's you
know dogs come home from surgery they're constipated it constipated in air quotes because he just
doesn't want to squat to take the shit he's got it he's got a fucking knife wound in his
stomach but long story short he's got a fucking little diamond tip you know turd like like
you can see it if you look like it's like and then Barbara Cody's dog comes over and
she's just like right up in that ass I'm like well there's a turd coming out like other
dogs shit I mean yes they do they like shit I don't think I've ever seen a dog eat another
dog shit oh yeah no I don't know I don't know dogs eat the dogs don't eat their own shit
I did dog dogs that were raised in puppy mills dogs eat their own shit if they were that's
a heavy sign of abuse because they know because they dogs don't like to shit where they eat
so dogs that are forced to shit where they eat eat their shit to keep especially mother
dogs to keep the puppy mill cage sanitary it's really sad if you if you get a dog that's
eating its own shit when you when you you know that's a red flag that's like it's learned
to that behavior or personal experience trauma let's get away from this animal shit and bring
up Rob Schrab Rob Schrab everybody you know what dogs like eating shit the most German
shepherds Rob Schrab to the stage everybody oh my god holy shit he's been un uncheapy
peepage can we can we end this now reasonably your price now dinner talks can we be friends
again what does that iPad says they're an inscription I love you love Steve hmm wait
what how does that when you order an iPad you can you can fill out an inscription thing
and like but why and it's free why did it become I love you love a Steve that that
smacks of sub there was a like a little redundancy thing there like I filled out a joke and then
then Steve also did right and it's it's like if you put by Dan and then it's like by Dan
again because it automatically puts that yeah yeah I don't know why Steve did that couldn't
Steve we just written I love you he could have done a lot of different things well that
but I mean let's run through some other things Steve could have done he could have got a V8
I have a question have a V8 am I released from this this fucking wait can I can I can
I have my life back that's something only you can answer your dogs your Twitter dogs and
your Instagram commenters can you call them off please now that I've given your property
back don't you do it for allowing me to to to try it out and sucks on it no it doesn't
don't don't even start I'm trying to end this this this this cruel it says I actually am
a Cheapy Peepy see that's crazy why would you even do that I didn't do that we know
you were the last person to own it Spencer you know I don't like that word stop it and
it is one word and and I want it I want it's two words it's one word hmm and I want this
to be over with will you please set me free let me can you unshackle me with it can you
do that can you some sort of ritual some cleansing that we can go through you unshackle me can
I get unshackled I know because I'm famous for my control over my fans and my fans are
famous for loving me and they do what you tell them to they're famous for listening
to what you say and agreeing with it but you're in kind of a quicksand Schrab because people
Schrab you all the time because you I don't mind that I actually like that because they
always do it wrong and I find it entertaining it's hard to Schrab right yeah it's hard to
do Schrabbing funny how do you Schrab wrong again I because I see it happening let's
try it Schrab tweet something no I can't I you got me too stoned before just tweet something
out no in like in I don't I don't have the right God improvise it you don't have to actually
type it like it's like fire off a compose a tweet mental fire off a mental like a vocal
tweet right now and then we're gonna try we're gonna add Schrab it it's hard to Schrab things
right why don't you just read why don't you just read one of my just tweet a tweet hey
everybody come and watch Harmontown perfect oh are you gonna be at Harmontown yes now
is that him doing it wrong or is I was trying to that's not that's not a that's not a that's
not a bad right not to put you under too much pressure but can you can now can Spencer tweet
something in and you do it right just to show it Spencer I'm very it depends sure okay Spencer
hey look I just got this new stack of beta max tapes did you get any beta minis there
you go do you see the difference yeah that's pretty good yeah but somebody might extrapolate
from that and go oh I get it so you need to blah blah blah it's I think what you're all
you're saying is is people try to people try to be they try to they try to reduce nuance
to formula and it doesn't work they else they else I don't know they just don't know how
to do it right it's about timing and it's about it's picking the right tweet I'm a watch
and wait predator yes you're like a jaguar on a limb correct yeah you pounce can we get
a t-shirt pray you can't just can't just do anybody drop Schrab watch and wait predator
right well I can't control my fans Schrab however but you I do you control myself yes so I will
say to you thank you for bringing the iPad back I wouldn't I I you you you would establish
that you weren't using it anyway so it is kind of cheap I appreciate you you bringing
it back otherwise I would feel a little back because I just want you be happy and I would
do anything to ensure that you keep coming back to the show because it's been very helpful
to me going through a transitional phase of my own I like having you here been a good
friend of mine for a very long time and if anything were to happen to either of us without
me having expressed that it would be I don't know why I have to do this cadence where I'm
like Richard Lewis when I'm expressing affection ira glass but you know he does that so that
so for me I like I I rift the phrase cheapy peepy it was insensitive it and it it's it's
reduct reductivist and sexist and it's been it's been now co-opted by some of the worst
kinds of people people who like to see others others feel pain a basket of deplorables I
can't think of a worse word to apply to another human being period because it's so false I
think of you as a very magnanimous sharanomus so you like that you like that you like that
thank you David yeah let's make let's make that the new meme remember when Harris Wittels
Harris Wittels did the there was like it was a row it wasn't really a row you had a
birthday and you had people that you like perform on your birthday and you showed some
stuff that you're proud of like old shit yep and you had it's kind of like the beginning
of Harmontown because you did you went up and you did I go up even I don't think I did
yeah you did did I yeah what did I do well you commented that Sarah still woman was there
back it was it was Camille Harris Sarah and you you closed it was a dick to Sarah no no
no we hung up backstage right yeah but but you just said oh I didn't know it Sarah was
gonna I didn't know I would be following Sarah still woman here like okay it's like that
you know I don't know anyways well here at Harris did the Harris Harris the set was really
funny because he he he went up and said like oh I'm not gonna you know I'm not gonna roast
Rob because Rob's very sensitive you know joke writers go to a negative place so like
like roast jokes are the funniest jokes but Rob's very sensitive person so I'm just gonna
do I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna try to roast Rob but in a positive way and then he did
a whole set of like just jokes about Rob is so such a good person and blah blah blah
and I was like it was really it was really really funny because it was it was actually
even to me even more abusive because he was calling you a pussy in a gigantic general
sense and making a big show of a kid loving you which is actually a great way to hurt
someone very deeply he wasn't he wasn't he didn't say anything untrue does anybody own
the tape of the roast for your birthday Dan that we did I don't know at that Armenian
restaurant in the Valley because I mean my memory of that was that it was the funniest
thing that's ever happened but I'm sure it's not yeah I'm sure it's not comedy doesn't
age well but what was funny about it which is the thing that we do remember is that I
turned 30 we had a roast and we specifically were like well what if we what if no one shows
up we're like well why do we want anyone to show up all we want to do is is have a dais
like like we don't care so it was like three like plus ones like like like like like wives
husbands girlfriends like who were like had to sit there next to a salad bar in the back
of the Serbian restaurant and watch ten guys like just piss themselves laughing while they
while they for no reason at all into a microphone because there was no one to address except
each other just and facing an empty room like like just did did did roast jokes about about
Dan it was a roast of Dan Harmon but as is the tradition it was everyone just like did
what Dan Harmon joke and then hammers on everybody ripped everybody else yeah it's really fun
but does that tape exist do we know if anybody has that I don't know I mean I have to imagine
that if it exists it's filled with homophobia and racism and say you know things that don't
age well because not only is it a roast but it's a roast from 15 years ago and it's and
it wasn't made for television so I'm sure if we found it for our own purposes sorry I'm
not saying yeah exactly at least this to the general public I'm saying do we have to yeah
yeah you know that was a symptom of my disease that you're like I wonder if that tape exists
and I'm immediately leaping to the world would hate it and like well that's not about the
world it's about our friendship you can watch it and then burn it in a trash can afterward
yeah I just keep it and wait till it's funny again in 50 years when when when people are
so equal and free that everyone's like that is so that's what you call you called a gay
joke so the joke was just that everyone was gay and then it turned out to be true I get
it you joke about Chris Tom and he's like Chris Tom and Dan had a joke Chris Tom is
bad with the ladies Chris we were all of our friends we have a betting pool going on what's
going to last longer your virginity or Saturn I saw a quiet place you hear about this quiet
place movie I heard about it but then I forgot about what it's about what is it about a quiet
place it thank you Spencer there's like I'm right there it's in like like I don't know
I think it's like 20 it's like it's like in five years the world oh this is this is this
is Dunder Mifflin guy if you if you make a sound you get eaten by the yeah yeah yeah
so the first like half hour of it is sign language sign language and whispering it's really effective
it's really I I really enjoyed it quite so I want to ask a question about it as a sci-fi
horror fan yeah like and as a big rules guy you know we talked a lot about zombie movies
with Kirkman and like so I'm I and I'm not I'm not gonna say if the answer is yes oh
the movie sucks or whatever but but I just like what I will do is throw a parade if the
answer is no are there inconsistencies in the rules of these things ie like a lot of times
in movies like that where there's rules that are so clear-cut it's like is there a scene
where the person is like in the corner and it's like you know the Foley person is like
making their breath dramatic but it's like well come on you did a whole scene earlier
about how it literally a pin dropping could have brought them I I thought it would then
you might watch it and go hey Schrab I can hear breathing you know I thought it was very
consistent I thought it was a very simple rule to this creature that that you make any
no I mean they spend a long time setting up the world before they ever introduced the
other thing it's like they're walking around barefoot there's they have like these pre-made
sand pads so they're not like stepping on twigs right going through the forest and stuff and
it's just it is a great it's a great monster that's new which I really like you get to
see him before the spoiler probably a decent look at him you know is it true Rob that you've
been asked to make a sequel to it called don't make a pee pee is there crying right now would
you feel bad that would be awesome would you laugh I'd laugh curious it's more it's more
it says more about well I can't wait to see it I mean I love I love it's really good I
wish I saw Isle of Dogs stop oh that's Wes Anderson yeah I kind of agree with I can't
remember was Lauren Duker like tweeted like well I want to see a Wes Anderson movie about
animals but and then a list of like are you like is there gonna be I mean it just seems
like a setup for a fucking heartbreak like no it there's it's it's a really good I really
liked it a lot I think you as a starburn co-owner might want to check it out because it's I thought
it was just beautifully designed and it there's some off-putting stuff you know with with dog
I just am very sensitive to that so but I think it's sorry is it animation yeah stop motion
animation yeah and they do they do a bunch of stuff up front that that I kind of was like
like oh god and I think they're saying like this if you brought kids to this you should
probably take them out you know because it's but the voice talent is great I just think it's
it's a beautiful well-designed film I love the Wes Anderson's loves stop motion is it literally
stop motion or yeah that's great it I mean like the first all moving it looks clunky I mean like
it's like I don't know if you saw the Mr. Fox movie that he did I can now admit that I haven't seen
it yet because the guy I would have offended that I would have been working with I think is
is that now has to take the movie take is doing for us the bubbles movie
it's co-director was the co-director of Mr. Fox I haven't seen Mr. Fox fantastic Fox man
I've never seen it it's that one's fun too I mean I just I I love I love stop motion
animation I just love the model building I think it's just really great it's amazing speaking of
segues the reason why you know take a YTT world's most sought after director you know of course
his next movie is for me and well after a quick hop over to Prague where he's gonna make his amazing
like Hitler movie but the but he's gonna call the amazing Hitler movie it's good I mean I think
I think it's gonna be truly like like he's gonna it's it's gonna be pretty his description of the
movie like to me like maybe it made me really jealous for the first time in a long time of a
of another guy my age it's like like I was just like God you're just fucking doing what you want
like I really like made me spiritually jealous as opposed to like oh he has a Tesla you know
it was like like oh fuck I'm creatively jealous of someone like like you just finished your
Thor movie and now you're gonna go make this fucking thing but and so I think people are gonna
be blown away by it but then he's gonna do our Michael Jackson monkey movie over here I know
I know that chimpanzees are apes not monkeys put your fucking life up your ass oh man
write us in until a shitty veterinarian has to cut it out and see how you feel write us in if
chimpanzees aren't monkeys um write us in and the election of problem is that they look like they
look exactly like I mean yeah let's just call all monkeys for Christ's sake like you didn't know
what I meant yeah like you didn't know what I meant why is language so living um exactly we but but
the uh we we're getting evicted by this piece of shit studio star burns I don't know who's running
this fucking place but we're leaving star burns castle and we mentioned it last week yeah and if
you can't hear the silent cries of the audience we're not allowed to have in here um believe me
they're they're happening in the ether with that ghost bee from our second sketch what's what's the
next step for us what's well I'm kind of excited about it we toured a place I don't know I don't
want to speak out of school so I'll you know well we went over there and looked at it is the one
kind of downtown ish yeah it's kind of downtown ish I met with an agent and he's like if you guys
need a new space there's this place and it's the same place okay yeah I mean oh it's popping I don't
I don't know why it would be secret but just in case I don't want to cold it rhymes with no it doesn't
it rhymes with it doesn't he's lying it's the staple center we're going to the state he's lying
it's not that we haven't locked it down yet and don't say staple center I think that our LA fans
will be excited what would be excited to be able to come see us even if it was in a shithole this
place is not a shithole um it's it's really nice and it's uh it seems like it's for it's you know
it's it's run by good people and as I said I think our next home very likely will be like like um
you know a rebirth of this show as a as a as not what it was at meltdown like a new it's like we
were something at meltdown then we came here and we're like kind of building to god knows what and
then collapsed into this cocoon phase where we found out we don't care if anyone is in the audience
which is a cool thing to find out but the reason it's cool is because it allows you to miss the
audience and then maybe we can now go in front of an audience again and like not be I won't be as
fucking maybe I can be a little more spalding gray a little less uh speaking of audiences Dan
while I remember this uh we have to talk about we're doing a show in Boston oh shit uh Friday
June 22nd will be the awesome June 20th theater have you ever been we're gonna be at the wicked
retarded fiumm it's good uh the show's gonna be uh it's gonna be a wicked pisser uh it's gonna be
it's probably gonna be uh the boston uh herald is calling it the most retarded show coming to uh
and that and that publication they use that phrase and they mean good yeah they rated on
one to five retarded people yeah this has five retarded people on it it's a five it's a five
retarded show it's gonna be wicked to probably be some pisser and uh there's gonna be lobster rolls
and it's gonna be good uh that's at the Wilbur's I played the Wilbur's theater before it's an
awesome theater it's a really really fun venue have we have we been at the Wilbur with this show
oh no loads where were we when we went to boston last that was on our tour and uh adam we were
outside of came up we were in summerville yeah summerville we were we were at like jay's laugh
station or we've never been in boston proper proper proper yeah we've never been in boston
retarded you know we were we were not wicked or a pisser uh okay yeah so we could get beaten up or
achieve independence or both or yeah probably both yeah exactly or ask to share in casual racism
so come see us and kill us at the uh boston uh wilbur theater at friday june 22nd you gotta
eat that mic you fucking also uh long island don't don't my sister's retarded with a hard r so
also we're gonna be in long island somewhere yeah at the aviation museum what the what the
fuck is it we're gonna be in in the air uh the 23rd we're gonna be in long island and it's uh
google Harmontown long island ticket master go online and do it like a regular person you
piece of garbage uh yeah they're not pieces of garbage they're good and that's because wait what
what what what what is it why are we not i don't mean to say why are we doing that like we shouldn't
be i just mean like we're at our aviation oh we're doing we're doing we're going to do that
uh is that a charity thing that planetarium thing oh the planetarium thing at the aviation
flim flam it's a charity event for what stem cell research no science technology education in medicine
we're we're doing we're doing we're doing a stem cell we're doing a benefit show it's all
the stem cells it's all the stem cells you can eat better better find out before the show we're
pretty sure it's about science education and women and that's those are ingredients we like
it's like a casserole like you can't go too wrong and it's aviation theme so we can actually
talk about going to the moon finally well also like we get to do a show in a planetarium yeah
oh are we gonna turn the lights down and like play with pink floyd and shit and look at the
look at the ceiling i mean we will yeah and we're gonna bring pot brownies let's get there early
and and and work with the lighting crew and see what we can do we're gonna get there early and work
with the lighting crew crew and see what we can do and also if you're naked Rob Schrab has some t-shirts
oh yeah t-public Rob Schrab Schrab Home Video new t-shirt design came out last week yeah what does
that say chinese murder van really burning up the charts all the proceeds go to purchase a chinese
murder van right we want to support we're gonna get rid of the mean streets of urbank all proceeds
go to benefiting the people in boston who are truly wicked retarded right it's actually it's
kind of like the that that charity where they they go to they rescue dogs from like countries that
where they where they eat them but like we're going to china where we want to buy a van one of these
chinese murder vans right we just want to take it off the streets of china we're gonna fucking
pimp it out and roll it up and down the streets of burbank because it's gonna be it's gonna be a new
show on the learning channel called pimp my chinese murder van right everybody knows there's a
constitutional right to own a chinese murder van because in america it's called an ambulance right
like rick it's called a veterinarian van yeah rick rick ashley rick ashley who's that who's rick
ashley i a symptom of your stroke never get rick ashley yeah i mean i know risk gas rick
he's having a stroke oh no i always wondered when we were living in milwaukee i always wondered
like like Schrab.and i would joke we were in our 20s i like oh we do every once in a while we'd
allude to as friends do the image of us on our on a porch when rocking chairs drinking lemonade
this is it yeah but this is it this is what we would dress up as i like this though this is good
i like this porch we i'm fine with living this long yeah what's the future of this beard robby
are you gonna let her just do its own thing i got um my first um i don't know from kate uh
oh which is probably the death of it i mean i'm i'm fine i mean she was like yeah i'm fine
with it it's cool you know it's all right man man you look good that's what sophie's mom said
mom said you look handsome your impression of your wife sounds like howard stern's impression
of a black person hey man hey this is me that's real groovy man that's real groovy man i loved
your your wife unstarsky and hutch hey hey hey shrive you're gonna pick up your socks
i've been chipping over your socks every morning pick up your socks don't bother
two sock wearing motherfucker yeah so she finally i got i have i have to be careful what you wish for
myth happening with my with Cody like she the older i get the longer my hair gets the longer
my beard gets like the you know she's she's just like i like it i and then i was like i she got
bummed out when you cut your beard i was trying to do a little trimming thing and i i i did one of
those things uh uh where i you know she's like shave too much on one and then i try to even it out and
you can you can hear about all of it on our friend Rob Tanchum's upcoming album has a wrap about
i don't even shave but uh church can't wait for my hair to get gray like my hair is getting gray
gradually but church wants you want me to be an old man don't you yeah she she actually she goes
out of her way just to stress me out so i just she sets a vibrating alarm so that she can wake up
in time to be at the foot of your bed at 3 30 in the morning holding a butcher knife it's just
it's like watering a plant when you want your your man to get white hair she's just gonna gradually
like steven king you have you seen annihilation uh no can you explain it to me yes it's 9 11
it's pronounced an annihilation have you seen a 9 11 what question do you have what is it 9
11 everybody you know what that means it's time to drink coors light and pop some hymns crack open a
nice cool tall glass of me andies i was talking to a Broadway composer uh Lin-Manuel bow annihilation
manuel lin i won't say yes i won't say no his his wario lin manwell's wario manwell lin was out
there i'm man i don't like the constitution my music is bad it doesn't rhyme it's gonna be all
country western about how the constitution is bad manwell lin uh no i was his cat azrael
and i and it's talking about man 11 he was telling a story about uh uh whatever it doesn't matter
now go on tell it i was telling a story about the timing of a thing and he said and then it's
like oh it's like a broad broadway people refer to 9 11 like a lot because the history of broadway
was heavily in fact so it's like don't don't break a leg i did the joke or that's what they
say before you go on stage instead of saying good luck they gotta say hit hit a tower 9 11 no that's
not 11 it's in the timeline of broadway broadways ups and downs obviously 9 11 is a marker in that
timeline so i've already done there were nine ups and 11 downs on broadway and coincidentally
broadway stopped on 9 11 there's no broadway anymore what all right it doesn't i mean sometimes i
i'm from the future sometimes i bring something up and i'm like god i wish they'd just let me
finish and then sometimes i bring something up and i'm like well it's gonna be conspicuous
that i don't finish but i'm glad they didn't let me finish which one was that you should
ladder the ladder so uh let's do the sketch let's do the uh sketch with Schrab the post office
sketch and then uh we've we've we've worked on this a lot i hope like i'm off book you guys are
you guys i'm good i'm good well it's a live show so i mean look part of the sometimes people
break up they start laughing but those people get fired or or or or stay on the show for 20 seasons
it depends on whether the whether they're popping all right i'm locking tonight christ can we get
lights down let's let's let's do this do the post office sketch post office sketch
come in it's a post office
excuse me
you couldn't was that the studio audience mail whatever you want sir
uh okay well we need to weigh it it's uh i want to weigh in the box is it a mock chair
a box chair yeah you're gonna mail a box your hair well look i i don't need to know what it is
media mail i am kind of a meteor man in the sense that i
did media media man in a media man it's a meteor man it sounds like you've got a
meteor man yeah in the back yeah well that's uh
that's my that's my boss's office chair it's a lot of people think that it's uh him farting but
uh uh uh no no okay well let's take that uh meteor man behemoth chair and uh oh looks like
that weighs about five pounds and depending depending on where uh uh uh depending on where
you're mailing that uh we'll we'll do if you filled out an address form no no no
okay
such a long long casual but also loud laugh what oh okay they don't like being self aware all right
all right all right sounded like some of them didn't like it toward the end there
dad so let's fill out this form uh huh i need a batting utensil yeah so here you go is a pencil
you just put your but the address you want to send it to on one side and the address that you're
that you are sending it from on the other side hmm wow you really write you write so magically
sir this is this is a series of of of hash marks we're sorry your call cannot be completed as
dialed hey it's the wrong one okay well i'm glad to hear that you're you you you have standards for
yourself all right come on
well now what do you mean you just continue to just continue to say i've been it's been way
late i was like i'm doing this try to do a scene work over here like i'm doing this after all that
fucking talking about i'm sorry i was i can't work like this you can't work like this in the scene
all right come in it's a post office honey i thought you were going to be home after you
mailed your box oh sharyl teague that's the end because it's a sketch because he's got a crazy
character and it's crazy that he's married to a sexy model lady my my character the character
you gotta can i how much can i pay to get you high quality non-sound dog last sample sounddog.com
fucking audio files we like 12k kbps fucking sound like it sounds like my grandma is Skyping in the
sound effects do that laugh again listen to the way they kind of trail off and lose interest in
their own laughter um wait okay they all went back to the punch rest Schrab say something funny and
then hit the button when do you know when you're finished come on press the jesus christ
sorry sorry sorry thank you that's i mean we'll try it again we'll try it live
live all right say something funnier
i'll all based on these no that's it's in the middle of of of leading an experiment of some
kind okay spend your takeover okay um i'm sticking with the laugh track button on this one okay
okay there was a explosion somewhere in new york but uh people think it might have been a
salam samsung galaxy s8
again i mean the the the president uh tweeted today that he wants uh the country to uh uh
stop uh uh uh uh doing uh bad things uh uh when reached for comment he was at stormy daniel's house
there's one guy in there that's just crying there's what or is he slowly realizing that he's he's
like boo he's booing right there's one guy in there to be something someone going
or actually it might be a murder is there a murder a ghost or a zombie would you get your cheap uh
your cheap sound effects like they're like look we can't it's the same as like you get cheap tuna
there's going to be some dolphin in it like you you get it's like it's like how in poltergeist
he used real skeletons yeah yeah yeah the the uh the pirates of the caribbean had had they got
some ucla skeletons for a while they were like well you know we'll fix it later like but you know
they got away with it until they were caught selling arms to china
oh well i've been 283 episodes to do that joke
i mean i really would like to outfit you with for our sketch segment no i've said that i know it's
not a terrible idea and it's like also i want to say like a hindsight it's awful but we're
going to be here for a couple more weeks like we're not going to be up and running at the in
front of the audience but this is a rare opportunity we're doing is we're doing a single camera podcast
and we could we could uh we could have some fun with this and wear it the fuck out before
we could do video bits well wait not video bits but like like just i'm just saying like
audio bits like with that we're doing like fake sketches like our b sketch like we could have
somebody doing like a little soundboard yeah that with the laughter i like that idea that's fun
that's an atom bomb of an idea then all right well come back
you guys were talking about like cutting open people and cadavers and stuff like that earlier
before i remember that reminded me of like in the return of the living dead like special features
the production designer goes goes like oh i wonder if i can tell this so we went you know uh
daniel bannon and i we went to several funeral homes in southern california where we were shooting
and we for research to see what they look like on the inside the morgues and the and uh in the
funeral homes and every single time as we were leaving somebody would run out to the parking lot
and go they're fucking they're fucking them they're fucking the bodies every night every night they're
fucking them so when you die you go to the funeral home and somebody's probably fucking you
i have i have necrophilia questions okay shoot and they're not based on shaming anyone
because although hold your head up high if you fuck dead people necrophilia is a tricky area
because the rule the safe easy rule is don't fuck don't kink shame people but if your kink has no
victim it's a tough area necrophilia a dead person has not consented they have loved ones i don't
know vandalism like it's well also like though you're also trusting the person if you're do if
you're if you're if you're fucking a corpse in a funeral home i would you know that's unprofessional
if nothing else we don't have to go into unethical we could just call it unprofessional it's like if
i fucked uh uh the director's cut of community in the edit bay it's like well i don't know if
he's doing anything bad i just know that he should be working on the show yeah all right that's that's
a good so but but but but but but so apart from that so i'm not judging if you if you're listening
and you have necrophilia necrophilia ask uh stop it look i got i got mannequin legs in my in my home
i go etc if you listen to the podcast i'm of i i got i'm up i i could i have perisexual tendencies
so uh what is perisexual me paraphilic other than you know what it sounds like like like like like
like it's like uh you you do it jumping out of an airplane behind enemy lines it's not like a pussy
but it's sexual to you like it's like like a manic paraphilic is that what is it i don't know
is it it's just like a paranormal paranormal anything para para mannequin leg isn't a pussy
or a boob exactly like a foot isn't if you have a foot fetish right you're under under the umbrella
of para para philic which when you start to it's like the end of revenge of the nerds everyone
who's a nerd come down here if you're a nerd for any tiny reason and you're all under one tenth
than everyone is we all like what is normal sexuality that's what the kinsey uh studies
words you know the most useful that isn't coming like look we're all we're all kinked like hair
you know what follicles perfectly circular uh uh so anyways the my question to people who are
necrophiles or rather not my question to them my question about necrophilia is how does that work
is it because i aren't they like what they're cold and they're like like we we tend to leap to
oh they're putting their penis in a dead vagina oh yeah which then we go all logistically that
doesn't make any sense to me right that doesn't make any sense but you masturbate with a mannequin
leg isn't right well that's what i'm saying like is necrophilia is it necrophilia if you're like
working at a mortuary and you're like well this person died very attractive uh now they're uh
their blood is pooling on the underside but uh and their joints are kind of stiff but uh
you know a foot's a foot and i'm going to rub my dick on the sole of the foot yeah until i count
is that necrophilia here's a question that counts can i uh ask a question to you all right so
so i'm i'm a mortician and i like to fuck dead people okay so win win right there right
everybody's a winner just just just like just like just like dead master priest all these
i can pay yeah just go follow the heat right exactly so follow the money somebody somebody
brings in you when they bring in a dead a dead body and i've decided i'm gonna fuck this one
today okay i'm gonna fuck you're seeing it when they bring it in you're like you're like yeah i think
from across the room okay yeah perfect boing ding it's great do uh and but my job is really
not to fuck the dead people the job is too can you make this
presentable for us the customer is saying that the customer is like can you please take this
and make this look more sleeping than dead right like alive but we know you make our loved one
look beautiful yeah can you do that so my question is do they fuck it before or after do they like uh
you have a better necrophilia questions than i do because i'd like if it's all
the blood pooling is what made me go uh i say i say you do both and that way true like you
like you go like oh wow you look at how you grandma you clean up nice and then you start
you know like you know well here's an important question are these necrophilia questions when
we're talking about mortuaries where there's like an influx of corpses uh and but but exactly at the
same time the whole point of that point of sale is to cheat death in a way to restore levity to
all these things like if if you're if if it's if there's a problem as there is in forgive me
catholics uh you know like where there be uh priests there be um problems we've found if there's
like nexus points of uh is is that properly be necrophilia do do necrophiliacs i want to
because because because like how many necrophiliacs do you think there are like do you think that's
a common well he's just telling an anecdote about how they went to a bunch of funeral homes they went
to like three or four funeral homes in southern california and every and he would made it a
point that it was like every single one some intern some person a whistleblower somebody you go these
guys are fucking the corpses for sure they're fucking them so it's like that westworld dude that
fucking is like fucking all the robots but here's the thing how like like i i'm not i'm not forgiving
that behavior i'm calling it unprofessional like like like but i'm not but i'm wondering though
that's what i would say if i caught him in the act i want to understand what genuine necrophilia
is and if there's a distinction between that and someone who for instance if i walk by jeffrey
dommer like he like he was he was he was drilling holes in guys heads and and like experimenting
with like pouring water and acid and stuff into the holes because he said to the police that his
dream was to create what he called a zombie and what i think he really meant by that i'm not a
psychologist but it's like everybody gets to pile in on this but i think the the popular theory
is that what he really means by that is a man that won't judge him for being gay which he was
but he didn't have a healthy relationship with his gayness and he he didn't he didn't you know
he didn't realize that it's okay to go out and get a drink and tell another dude that what you
really want to do is this or that like he had a lot of shame and all this stuff and like he was
it's like did he really want to fuck corpses is that what a necrophiliac really is or is a
it like because i always wonder like if there's an actual genuine necrophiliac if someone's like
like i love rotting flesh i love dead people i i'm turned on by the idea of a dead person
is that person offended by all these other yahoos who are basically just like
like yeah i'm insecure i just don't want people judging me so i'm gonna because uh yeah like
dommer uh hid out in a mannequin in a store so he could abscond with a mannequin once like he
he was he was taking these steps he Schrab came over to my apartment in hollywood once it was like
when i was like starting to become aware of my like fetishes and stuff and he's like
what the fuck is going on like are you a serial killer because i had fucking man i wasn't allowed
in your bedroom because you said like there's stuff in there that i don't want you to see
the menagerie yeah the menagerie and it's you know and it's like i it i was exploring stuff
that had a lot to do with the intersections between my self-awareness my shame and all the stuff like
i came out on the other side a guy who could say in a podcast you know what i really want
is for a woman wearing pantyhose to rubber toe on my nipple and i got i like like and
cody can be like yeah i like doing that too it it it strengthens my core and then we do other
stuff and it's like it's a it it really had nothing to do with so much like like it's
the all of this that's my necrophilia question it's like people is there such a thing as a
person who's like i want the corpse to be like stinky and bruised i'm sure there is there's
somebody who's into anything you know they'd be into like there's people who want to like roll
around in blood and guts i mean they i mean it's like it's like you know like you can find anything
on the internet to jerk off to because of that people some people want to whatever some people
want to eat people some people want some people want to eat poop so i listen to a lot of true
crime podcasts with cody we go to sleep on them and there's this uh the the sunset strip killers uh
uh i think that's what they're called like there's this couple that were it was the guy indulging
himself and the woman was like kind of raised you know there's a lot of questions about it but
but she according to her testimony like he would he loved to like pay people for sex and then
kill them while they were performing sex on him because he would he's like sex workers were a
big target for him but then he would according to her he would do shit like he would he would
like he he took he took a person's head into the shower with him and he fucked the head and
the cops said that they found semen in the the decapitated head's throat and um but then the guy
who like they have him recorded in like giving his like deposition and stuff and he's like
he's going like what so what what do you think i did i put a head in a freezer and i and i took a
frozen head have you ever heard of rigor mortis like what do i like wow and i'm gonna i'm gonna take
that in the shower and i'm gonna put my dick in and he's like he sounds like a completely rational
person going like yeah what what do you mean i fucked a decapitated head that doesn't make
any sense but he probably did but he has another lobe of his brain going like that's crazy why would
that give you a hard-on why would you be able to it's another thing to be able to achieve orgasm
too like that's how imagine how being turned on that much by the idea that the head is dead
not the idea that the head's gonna do whatever you want because it's no longer judging you
i feel like that's a different it's a power thing so no i'm talking like like well yeah i think
i think for a large amount of people under a larger umbrella we like it's a a more quote
unquote mainstream thing to have fantasies about loss of control and about controlling others
because we carry a lot of shame into sex and so we naturally grow our sexual fantasies over
across lines where for outside circumstances in our taboo imagination i have permission to do
this or i have to do that and that's where you know btsm kind of like it's almost at this point
post-internet like we can acknowledge that like you know there's a like there's mainstream which
is almost a theoretical construct which is a man and woman getting into their pajamas at night
and laying next to each other and then a baby being brought by a stork and then there's everything
kinky which which which involves people thinking about things that they know they're not supposed
to think about so that they can you know they're not supposed to think about so that they can
reach and scratch itches um that they they they grow up thinking or denied them when the truth
is with a consenting adult you could actually just say let's pretend this or let's have you do that
my safe word is apples but so i guess my my fascination and my question is but then that
means i think that people who feel free to like meet someone and say let's kill a hooker together
like these people aren't ashamed they're not later they're not living with like all this shame
so then when it's reported that they fucked the head or they they really they they always killed
the person and then sodomized the corpse these are people who actually can't wait for the dead part
to happen right so the answer would be to go back to my original question is that person would
do those people fuck the the gunshot wound person without sewing up the holes right then they would
get done and they go well i'm gonna clean it off anyway right i mean that's the thing it's like
you're cleaning it off twice if you're but then there's a and then there's a different kind of
person and i'm sorry if this i don't know who i'm apologizing to that'd be like i didn't subscribe
to this podcast to here's i don't i don't know who that person is but my family listens to this
podcast but but but i do it is kind of fascinating then to think about the two there's like like
like you could do a sitcom in a mortuary and like like there's the guy who's like well man i
i could barely contain myself uh before we make him look alive again and then the other person is
like oh now that we added all that rouge i'm like i know now yeah okay you watch the door i don't
think these guys i think you guys both i watched the door last time you watched i don't know if
those guys cooperate it's like a fucking most dangerous thing in the world like i think they
both like go home to their wives and go like i think ted's a pervert i think i think this is
how it is okay so there's what a fucking the old guy in the new guy the new guy comes in and the
old guy teaches them hey you know hey yeah you know go for it no cop no stop man go for it you
know what are you talking about i see you i see you look checking them out if we lived in the
idealized society there would be like a good classic like like karate kid kind of movie where
it's like is that like but it would i think it would be like a student becomes a teacher thing
where the uh or no okay or is it like the classic version would be like the new guy comes in and
he's like yeah come on let's put some let's put some embalming fluid in these things and like
let's get them dressed up and and and and looking alive uh so because i you know the truth is i got
to tell you now that we're having a drink in the back room i want to i want to fuck a corpse and
the and the mentor goes like you want to fuck a corpse no you don't listen to yourself you can't
wait until it's pretty you can't wait until its eyes are closed instead of popped open staring
into the dead air you can't you you hate the bruising if you were a real necrophile brother
you'd be at the indoor with your hard-on out it's in the way that you use it and it's like he
learns to be a purist okay write it yeah the necrophilia acts it's just brought to you by
Reebok it soon will be well i guess i will okay so i'm the only one that has these necrophilia
questions i'd never really given any thought i mean i i think there's probably people that
that death is a turn on because of their shame and because of the feeling of
like lack of judgment and then there's also people i think that are just so fucked up like
there's something about it's so naughty it's it's so fucking crazy that like i'm i'm the
johnny rotten of sex like i'm right yeah it's right it's like like like like like misanthropic
like because it's like when you get to the point where it's no longer a person like that that's
why it turns you on is that it's rotting flesh that person is so fucked up not to i mean whatever
but like like that person has gone past so far past a threshold they're like they hate
humanity itself and they're to the point where they love death they're a necrophile i want to
fuck a corpse because it's dead so if you were from like i say a small town
and you were a mortician it would be a good chance that you would know a lot of the people
that would come through right that's that's the ticket that's the ticket why is that the ticket
because if you can go eat us wait but you don't want to put you what he said well yeah because
the johnny rotten thing that it's vandalistic you're like well i remember gladis from the diner
and now she's dead and that makes my yeah i mean like if you were into that all right maybe there's
a different thrill and maybe there's a motivation to work in a small town i don't know
dommer went to uh was at the milwaukee institute of art and design
did he wait no he didn't he didn't go to it but i had when i went back for my um talk that i did
there one of my old sculptor teacher bruce says like a week before he was busted he was at the
myad like not gift shop but like supply store looking at the there was i don't know if you remember
this but back in the early 90s there was this thing called spray fix or whatever or stone fleck and
it was like a a can of spray paint but it wasn't painted would just like make it look like uh your
block of wood was made out of marble or or stone or concrete or whatever and he was looking for
flesh well no here's the thing is that you know like the joke was in sculpture class that there
would be like like out of 10 people there would be nine stone fleck like shoes like that it was
just like instant art whatever right but dommer was checking out that's where he bought the stone
fleck if you look into it i think he sprayed like some skull some skulls with this stuff
but my teacher like talked to him for a second yeah you're kind of a weird oh why is this guy here
and then like a week later yeah dommer got busted wow and i was like oh i like the true crime my true
crime podcast addiction is like obviously every every every podcast is going to eventually
touch on dommer and i thought i was a bit of a dommer expert compared to the rest of the country
because we're from milwaukee when he was doing it and uh boy oh boy it's just you missed out well
it's it's paying attention the the police scandal thing is just fucking like what do you mean well
the you know how you know most people that have heard of dommer know the fact that that the cops
brought victim number i'm going to make up a number like 14 of 17 or something like that like
was brought back to his apartment because he escaped and it was just like this like dommer
showed up he would with his bag of liquor that he went to go buy while he chained this guy to a
bed who escaped that it's like the cops brought him back to dommer's apartment and because dommer
said oh we're just look we're lovers and yeah i know he looks underage and he's bleeding and he's
delirious and he has handcuffs on his wrist but we're we're just gay like that and the cops like
handed him over and and he killed him immediately well of course he did but then also he killed
more people after right right uh and and and the like i knew about all that and i was like okay shame
of a city and blah blah blah but what i didn't know is that those cops were uh something like even
lighter than suspended without pay it was like they still got paid they and they and and one of
them ended up like captain of like it was like it's like you hear this shit and then you go like
well i'm sure you know it's important to be shameful and all this stuff but that it's like
it's like for real like it just like it just they like there was no punishment there was no
no nothing happened to those two cops and it's like like because it doesn't your instinct your human
path against it go like well i'd hate to be those two cops because they didn't know they were thrust
into the midst of this thing and who knows what it's like to be a cop and all this stuff and you
extend all this empathy and then you and then you realize that there's you're dealing with a system
that does not extend even the slightest bit of that empathy by saying like well maybe you should
fucking even if for symbolic purposes never be a fucking cop again ever like ever right within the
all right within the hundred mile radius of the people whose families were eaten by this guy yeah
i'd like like like like go to detroit i don't know what let's figure something out of the vatican
can come up with a system we can but no they they're just like it was like i i can't believe can you
imagine being like like living in that neighborhood which was you know on marquette's campus where i
went to school anyways it's just it's fucking insane whatever what were you talking about
annihilation corpses annihilation yeah what were your questions oh what's annihilation about is it
oh what my not i think i answered all but i didn't know he had annihilation questions oh you didn't
answer most of your necrophilia questions right i thought we did at least um it's a pretty heady
movie so heady yeah i mean like it was it just i mean like looking i watched the movie and it's
very like i kind of i could it would have been a better movie if it was made like say in the 70s
or maybe even the 90s but it's like it because it was like about like this meteor that crashed
on earth or something like that is a zone a weird zone a zone crashed on earth or something appeared
on earth a what a zone appeared on earth a zone appeared on earth and where it is things where
it is different and then and then like the prism effect not only reflected reflected
lighter refracted light but it also refracted uh feelings feelings and dna and stuff like that
and it got kind of weird and it's a weird pacing thing but um yeah i don't know if you haven't
seen it i can't we can't really talk about it i can't wait to check it out are there corpses in it
oh there's a corpse but there's a bit of surprise with it let's just leave it are they hot corpses
oh one of them is but that you know a bit more than that spoilers i think one of it's really rot
and a bit more than should we do some d's and shambles some mounts or is it enough time it's
quarter we don't do that is that is that enough time i mean i'm so high still well could i get
high and then we'll do it no can you that's a sarcastic yes are you allowed to get high like on
camera no we can't we'll get arrested that's not true at all it's true no i can say it's tobacco
what if it's what if we say it's fake pot that we bought what if can rob get arrested for saying
that he's high i told him it's not can he get arrested yeah and he is i can take me man
sure you're under arrest i gotta say with a beard from this angle like from a certain angle
there's a little brody steven's going on here oh a lot of brody steven's going on i would say
don't think it high and you don't even know i can't tell when you're not allowed and what your
point ever is like you just dry and dry and dry and dry sometimes you're saying the opposite of
what's true and sometimes you're saying exactly what's true what can you like like what do you
know about getting high on camera on podcast etc to say the truth it's um i don't i don't know
yeah because like like getting dug with high that everybody gets high at the show but they
don't live stream it right i don't know if it was i feel i feel like i did two versions of getting
dug with high one where we were on like we there wasn't an audience yeah and i we smoked pot on
camera i get high just making eye contact with Doug Benson and that's illegal it's hard to make
eye contact with one of his eyes are just looking at weed do you think like dan spencer and i look
like spencer is slowly turning into me if like an evolutionary chart if i took off my hat no
because the glasses are getting i went to the uh adderall doctor and i and i was like looking
forward to it for two months because i've been fucking heavily working out yeah and uh seven
pounds that's when i was like i had a number in my head that was a little higher than that
yeah i was a little disappointed i never thought i'd hear you lost seven pounds and be like bummed out
that's that's what i don't know when i started weighing myself that was the thing i had to
break the most is just because it's like every time you get on you have something in your head
and you're gonna be disappointed every time that's why i don't wait don't weigh myself but i did
think it was safe to fucking two months right exactly and that's what will always happen it'll
always be the worst so i'm never getting on a scale again no that's you gotta do the opposite
you gotta only get on the scale until your nerves go dumb i mean numb you said you said
yeah you can you you only take the lowest and highest or whatever and i do different i mean
when i think of my weight i think of the last time i weighed myself but when i think about how
far i've come from the fact that i used to be 270 pounds i go with the lowest because it's like
holy shit i lost 57 pounds how do you get rid of the fat in your tits wait why does it sit there
forever what if you come over to my place tonight i'll show you show me how to get rid of it or
why it sits there both because i'll show you why you to suck on i know i i i i i i titty fuck you
there's the patent to jeff b davis titty fuck workout or i i just fuck your man titties and
and i really and you lose weight oh no your titties lose weight too my titties lose weight
to you yes i've heard this before it's about moving the fascia around the skin uh it's it's
it's called the dickenball tittie massage where i get right in there and i and i tittie fuck you
and it remember the old like the vibrating belt things yeah it works in the same principle as
that and any release is the magic medicine that adipose uh like uh tissue tissue did those belt
things work no no they did not work which is why i'm here to tell everybody about the jeff b davis
patented titty fuck lose you'll lose your man titties in three nights you'll lose your or four
but you gotta really relax wow as a person who loves you you have to really really just let
it wash over you and i really mean that yeah as a person who loves as i assume you do fucking
i do not do this because i enjoy this i'm i'm a medical uh uh a man of science so you want them
to go away what yeah i mean i'm a healthcare provider i want people to like like if you come
to me and say i can't get rid of these testosteroney soyboy fucking estrogen man titties right and i was
like look i i have the cure for you but this is not going to be the most masculine it's not going to
be the most you might not like these three nights but you it's about results and that's that's what
i that's what i bring to the table is results results results always be results a b r i mean
i'm not going to like it anymore than you will do you promise that they'll be gone my titties
or guarantees that's absolutely a guarantee that's okay let's let's take three nights take your shirt
off right now let's do it before let's let's let's we're gonna come back we're gonna cut it the
important thing to look at is right here this is the thing that bums me out i would be fine with
my body the way that's the hardest part just don't like this if you because if you were to draw me
like i don't mind if i have like a belly as long as there's a smooth curve i don't like these like
you know i don't like like you know a lump that you would have to like to an extra pen stroke
you get that sucked out that's what makes me really sympathize with people get light because
you're just like well just get it out of there that's what that's what we call lateral flange
that that's done at night lateral flange lateral flange that's done on night that's night two
night two you're like you're gonna find your lateral flange gone by two nights and then the third
night is just simply toning toning yes it's all about shape tone we're gonna get it
we're gonna get it just like you want most the results come from the third night
do you push him to push him together around you're fucking man well i know what do you do
well he's a lot of the things that he's describing are different together are you
tiddy what planet do you i've never tiddy i think i maybe tried tiddy fucking in my 20s like you
know you try everything because you see it in the movies and i'm like okay and that's after a while
you're like okay i think i think in the movies yeah i'm gonna fucking do it wrong man how can
you fucking do it wrong but how do you fucking do it how do you do it there's a lot of different
approaches i take it on a tiddy by tiddy basis but first night do you change your technique on the
second night well i mean look i mean just go away i don't understand your dick is rubbing
human physiognomy is always very different from person to person i love human physiognomy
the first night i fuck one tiddy individually i alternate i fuck just individual tiddies i don't
do just oh you don't put it in between like a hot dog puts it into it night to night to lateral
flanger how do you titty fuck man you got pushing together these are closely guarded trade secrets
okay okay all right i understand hey man how you titty fuck man you got pushing together
man but we have we we'll post we're gonna post the before photo we're gonna come back on next Sunday
and we're gonna see different results well you got pushing together man it's titty come on
that's the new character yeah pushing he's so irritated he's so mad at the world for not well
you know it's what he's doing man well yeah pushing together in his defense you gotta push him
together i don't even like that i have to call it titty fucking i like to call it uh titty flange
remove rest but but i think the way that the the world's eyes into my special technique is that
people are gonna associate me putting my dick on your tits it's just the simplest way to the haters
yeah the haters are gonna call it that anyway so why don't i get out in front of that
do i do i do thank church church just see that's a great question if you go to if you go to titty
flange removal dot org dot med dot med uh the uh on my faq first question do i finish right no oh
i unless the finishing is do i finish getting you the results that you want out of your man titties
sometimes i do come all over your neck but that's okay okay but that's yeah only when that's what
the customer wants this is about it's it's it's it's a two-way street yeah commitment uh am i
jealous yes is there uh is there you know it's it's a vigorous three-day process
and it happens at night it happens at my place right and uh and i look we have the before photo
and if you if you don't see results on dan's titties as of next sunday dan's money back
or or i didn't go huh or i didn't go well if you don't go then we're not posting the after photos
uh huh right again second question on on the on the jeff b davis uh titty flange removal technique
system is how many people chicken out it's like it's they say when you go skydiving the scariest
part of skydiving is making the reservation to go skydiving no jumping out of the plane is the
easiest part it's can i Dan Harmon commit to a three-day system to get the results that you want
i paid 500 bucks for this you want to jump out of this plane or let my friend come on my chest
yeah uh Harmontown listeners especially first subscribers if you subscribe this month to Harmon
town i'm going to give you the first night free that's a two hundred dollar discount
all right four hundred dollars for a three-day system normally six hundred dollars
at the two hundred dollar discount dan i'm going to give you yours for free because i want to get
this you know i want to get this system out there all right well we don't know what the state laws
are or when they become federal when we go with the podcast but it apparently i can't get high
right jeff can off promise you that he'll rub his cock on your tits right or your money back
may or may not come on you but then again that's completely secondary but only if you give him
two hundred dollars no four hundred dollars it's normally six hundred dollars i'm giving subscribers
to Harmontown a two hundred dollar discount the first night is free if you use code code
code titty fuck right right and that's brave again bring it taking it back is it childish of
course it is but like that's what people are gonna say it's like the soylent guy it's like
that's what people are gonna say yeah just call it that just like the soylent get out in front of
the critics also my dick is made of micro modell fiber it's three times softer than cotton do you
think that's what nigel eight or do you think i just cut him open every six weeks yeah well yeah
that's the question did he just eat enough of your of your buttholes out of your underwear to
to die i don't fucking know man what if it's just a bunch of little swatches of me andy's
micro modell fiber just came out of your dog's butt have you ever you know you hear people go
like well if i could if i could like you know if i could take like i would green mile my dog's
stomach wound because i'd be like you know what that one's on me for sure i would i would do it too
i would green mile that shit i would take i'd be like okay put a slit in my stomach and i'll
lay in bed and like feel bad because that's not even that noble sacrifice because i could
i have the capability of saying cody can you get me a lecroy nigel can't be he's like he's like
he can't he doesn't he doesn't know why we do anything we do he's scoop him up like because
you love him and he's shivering and he's like why am i hurting and then you take him to a place it's
like then you leave him the worst and their brain is the size of a fucking like four-sided die
oh i know what that is because it's like a thing that i relate to
too all right well apparently we got two minutes to play dnd now spencer's the only one that's
allowed to be stark raving high on stage i'm not hot what he's afraid that if we all get high
will he'll be out of a job like his job is to be this high
you check out this week's atlanta no i haven't seen i said the end of zealona there was a slender
man thing or i saw no no no i never said that well i saw like a still there's a big slender man arc
no no no there's a i guess i was i guess i'd completed two things there's a slender man
movie coming out oh slender man i thought i saw like a still i i swear to god i'm not even doing
a bit like i thought it was like an atlanta episode there was this like this is how much like
me not watching atlanta i'm also starting to enjoy this atlanta in my head oh there's a slender man
episode there is yeah slender man gives him a sandwich it's it's a it's a fucking great episode
you should watch it you gotta watch it do i have to watch from the beginning no no no it's a good
i i mean i honestly i mean i haven't that's the first episode i watched i loved it it's pretty
smooth even said like this is like the best big lover did donald direct the i think he wrote it
but it's i i think he works with the director i think you should check it out because he's amazing
it's fun it's just you know it's not the kind of television you uh
would that has existed in the past you know it's just interesting to see what the medium can be
you know it could be a cartoon and it can be atlanta it's cool
hey dan you know that uh the photo that church took of you at the protests of you with wearing
the rick and morty thing drinking a flask uh just i posted it on my instagram she's already
sold a couple prints people want that print or she's making a limited uh 10 print run of those
and people are snapping them up yeah it's it's it's uh that's a good that's a good photo it's
i like that it says it's i'm wearing my help me uh morty and summer uh t-shirt but it's it just
says help me and the shot all right well uh what a show what a show we really got through to some
stuff we did interesting to play this one back and understand like what what what line did i cross
in asking my necrophilia questions it made everybody you cross the line where you chose to
not offend necrophiles oh well yeah because i don't i thought but look i've gone to bat for pedophiles
on this show i fucking hate like i i like i hate victimization so people that victimize other people
for their own pleasure like okay they're doing something that is criminally wrong they're and
they're going like like like so isn't that enough are we gonna solve the problem by just being so
happy that we found monsters i find it really fucking weird but not weird it totally understandable
that what we we go like oh what gives you a hard-on what ladybugs you're fucking crazy and it's like
we've we're all that person like in some specific way ladybugs we're all that person and and then
and then we just like are we really like that's exactly what they do in prison is they're all in
there for fucked up shit and then they get so fucking excited when they hear a fucking pedophiles
in prison that they run down to fuck the person to death or whatever like it's like it's bullshit
come on like like like criminality is criminality like some people are sick some people are experiencing
cycles of abuse like people that are abused in their childhood they grow up to abuse people
guess how you solve this problem you know it's not it's not through being so excited to find
someone alien and monster that you like point your finger at them and throw mud at them it's
not going to change anything cliffhanger thank you so much for coming or watching or you didn't
even come you're just watching or listening to it thank you so much everybody for coming down
here for Rob Schrab everybody and when you find out whatever file i am just remember how i went
to bat for you sorry we didn't get to bring church up and leave you tonight but they will be back
of course i suppose thank heaven for a sack farah you saw spent for fitting in as all time i'm your
controller jim davis proud to be back in tangamir environment town he's gonna fuck a dead person
tonight what if we open with dnd what's up we're gonna open with dnd right after Dan Harmon shows
you his newly sculpted titties the deathly davis tittie flange removal three-day system
go online uh boston buy your tickets to boston yeah boston uh on january 22nd the wolver theater
uh is going to be wicked chattered and possibly a pisser and also the 23rd long island somewhere
the aviation plant glam and uh uh with joints and uh and uh fish fry
did you get any of that it's a good show